in our beauty space always
We are committed to offer you what
better that's why today comes for the first time
a product that will revolutionize the
way that we depilated that we had
had products of this line before and
that have been very successful so now
we have a new version it's about the
epilator the wet comfort of philips
an epilator and pl especially
designed so that we stop suffering to the
typical waxing or expensive waxing
laser treatments the best thing is that
comes at a launch price on
reference value is 259 thousand 980
pesos but here in club for sailing tv
you can have it for 249 thousand 990 pesos
remember that you can pay with your
cmr card or with bank cards
that are appearing on the screen and for
know what this is about
spectacular epilator we are with
our beauty expert titi aguayo
like this one is very good and your payment
happy I know it brings a new version
several of us know lumea and lume a
precision and now this is coming
spectacular illuminates comfort with many
news
you will like it a lot but apart
comes with a gift that is very good
There is nothing more practical than a dryer that
we can take everywhere with a
mango that allows us to save a lot
space in a suitcase if you also have a
lot of benefits because it has many
speeds and different temperatures
you can even fill it with cold air and
so you want for example
dry it more natural to bathe less your
hair because we all know that the heat
harms it and also has the option to
occupy it in different voltages then
will solve the problem of the
transformers of the plugs then
that's not very practical I have one
especially for trips with this
It will serve me for all exact sides
of this product plus the ideal gift
for Mother's Day that best gift
it's an excellent opportunity or so
you brute was the one the difference
between technology and pl with the methods
Traditional and wax irritations
Extreme pain for my taste is one of
the best inventions that are these for
women today hear what good
product and how good it is to have a
efficient product that works
in our house look at the grace that has
this is that we can also occupy it in
the face looks from here to down can
stack what you want legs arms
the area of ​​the bikini recess
there are women who annoy you with you
when they get a couple of hairs in the
guatita man on the case back
the back in the man something men that
be dismissed in the back us of
suddenly already with age the upper lip
the one of tera sideburns everything everything for that reason you
I say from the eyes down what you
want today after how long
we started to see results my
experience I can tell you that already at
two weeks you start to see that the
hair appears increasingly weakened
after
three or four sessions can already get
definitive results for a person
on average any recommendation for your
I use something prior that I can not recommend
look at both the pulsed light and the laser
they always attack through melanin
which is the pigment we have in the
skin reaches the hair follicle to
leave it in a resting phase and it goes
weakening more and more that's why
while thicker and blacker the
Hair is better to get better
ideal result shaving one day before
of the treatment so that the bell
come out well and we can attack him with
our system of and quarrel mashed today and
some restriction that we have to
keep in mind it will not work in
hairs that are gray no longer work or
in redheads or women who are
extremely blonde because they have very
little pigment
and also the area of ​​the eyes as you
I said from here downwards not a problem
brings a new century more design
little kid more practical to take it to
everywhere
fixed here is he
turned on and also has five
speeds just like the versions
previous line of course has
all the detailed information to see
what level does it have to occupy you
depending on skin tone and tone of
your hair in your case paolo I will put in
a level 2 supports it on the skin in a
90 degree angle
where they do not have the option for shots
continuous you keep the ready
we are moving the machine was going
firing I delay me approximately
1 minute and a half in what is armpit and the
bikini area and about
20 to 22 minutes in what are the
legs with this continuous shots there are
a savings versus another type of these
machines this does not require gels not
requires no kind of spare life
useful of the machine are 100 thousand shots
summarize everything we have
talked titicare has been long we have
this incredible system of hair removal with
technology and pl or better known as light
Intense pulsing is a real solution
for women and also for men
can be used on the face that too
It's good because there are some machines
where you can not occupy you can occupy
in the armpit leg bikini area
abdomen and arms
It is extremely effective and results
visible in four sessions does not harm the
skin is tremendously safe is very
Quick and easy to use the battery is
delicious
you do not need spare lamps because
possesses 100,000 shots and hair removal and
most complete pl market
some comes as a gift in addition with this
amazing phillips hair dryer and
ideal gift for mother's day I
loved lumea comfort of philips is
really is that it be light to
continue continuous they do it a lot a lot
faster and uncertain and much more
fast that we can shave not in the face
and everything and of course with security and
the guarantee that phillips always gives you and
that I love phillips because always
Surprises us with new technologies and
We are moving fast to solve
all the problems of the woman the courage
reference of 259 thousand 980 pesos but
hear that even candle room you can
have for 249 thousand 990 pesos
the truth in mind thank you asked
friends, I invite you to continue with
we are the ones who triumphs over the tv
where you can find many products
more surprised with the best prices
Eliminate those annoying hair in the area
what you want with the epilator
and philips comfort developed with
advanced light-based technology
pulsed that weakens the hair so that
fall naturally even in
sensitive areas of the body and face
enjoy quality hair removal
professional without pain and saving money
with a very safe and easy system
use that does not need spare parts
quality assured in addition to the purchase
of umea comfort you take as a gift
spectacular phillips hair dryer
ideal for trips since its handle is
foldable and can be plugged in all the
world thanks to its voltage system
dual takes this opportunity and
take the epilator home online
philips comfort that comes to club for
the candle tv to only 249 thousand 990 pesos
remember that you can pay in installments
with your cmr or with some of the cards
that are appearing on the screen